What are you doing?
Chu Feng, I'm not dreaming, am I?
You told me it was all true
You weren't dreaming.
You deserve it.
But you said it was all about one person
Because I have an unusual relationship with him
Who is this guy?
Well, I can't say that yet.
I'll tell you later.
Miss Lin will be our
The closest partners of the four families
If you offend Miss Lin
It is to offend our four families
Please also take care of Miss Lin in the future
I don't agree with that.
Lin Shishi
You really think you're on your own
Can I make a late all-silver order?
Ladies and gentlemen
I know that the four patriarchs are very powerful
Are you just watching?
Watch him waste 100 billion.
Becoming a team leader should really be considered at this time
After all, he just left the family temporarily
He's not the best choice
That's right, temporary moral visit
You don't even recognize old fools like me
Can I still do good things for you guys?
I'm planning to send him to family fame
Please think again.
Your Lin family
Have you really cut ties with Miss Lin?
Yeah, it's great.
And I'm going to tell you today.
We only recognize Miss Lin
As long as Miss Lin is willing
You can make the Lin family disappear at any time